[docs] Adds preview and production update docs (#30667)
expo/expo: docs/pages/review/share-previews-with-your-team.mdx

---
title: Share previews with your team

> description: Share previews of your changes with your team by publishing updates on branches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Share previews of your app changes with your team by publishing updates on branches.
```

> description: Share previews of your changes with your team by publishing updates on branches.

Reviewer: In the PR description, it is mentioned that we want to recommend "channels" instead of "branches". Should we also apply that context to this guide? We also use this term as if the user is already familiar. May we should link to the first instance of a branch here: https://docs.expo.dev/eas-update/eas-cli/?

Author: There are two main use cases for updates. One is for sending production updates to end-users. For those users, I think we should only mention `--channel`, and not mention how branches work with channels until a more advanced doc in a guide.

The other use case is for developers to publish preview updates on every git branch they create. In this doc, I am referring to git branches. One thing I am papering over is that when you run `eas update --auto`, we make an update branch on our servers, so that we can provide the preview update. That detail is not important to get the value from this feature.

So, in general, if we can write docs such that new users don't need to know how the system works to use it, that's ideal. With that, later in advanced docs, we absolutely should explain how update works on our servers so that developers can create custom/complex workflows if they require it.

Reviewer: Thanks for the explanation! I thought the branches referenced here were Update branches 😄

---

import { ContentSpotlight } from '~/ui/components/ContentSpotlight';

> import { Terminal } from '~/ui/components/Snippet';

Reviewer 2: Would love to link this article from https://docs.expo.dev/eas-update/develop-faster/ and add an image in there

Author: We talked about this on a call, so posting here for posterity: I talked to quin and shared that I am going to work on the guides for updates and make certain we have a better and more complete doc for previewing updates with your team.

Once you've made changes on a branch, you can share them with your team by publishing an update. This allows you to get feedback on your changes during review.

## Publish a preview of your changes

You can publish a preview of your current changes by running the following [EAS CLI](/develop/tools/#eas-cli) command:

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas update --auto']} />

This command will publish an update under the current branch.

## Share with your team

> Once the preview is published, you'll see output like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the preview is published, you'll see output like this in the terminal window:
```

> ```bash
> ✔ Published!
> # ...
> EAS Dashboard      https://expo.dev/accounts/your-account/projects/your-project/updates/708b05d8-9bcf-4212-a052-ce40583b04fd
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Terminal
  cmd={[
    '✔ Published!',
    '',
    '...',
    'EAS Dashboard      https://expo.dev/accounts/your-account/projects/your-project/updates/708b05d8-9bcf-4212-a052-ce40583b04fd',
  ]}
/>
```

Let's use the Terminal component here to show the output.

> Share the "EAS dashboard" link with a reviewer. Once there, they can click on the "Preview" button. They will see a QR code that they can scan to open the preview on their device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Share the **EAS dashboard*** link with a reviewer. After opening the link, they can click on the **Preview** button. They will see a QR code that they can scan to open the preview on their device.
```

Let's use bold text for highlighting settings from EAS dashboard. Let's also explain that they need to open the link first before seeing Preview button.
